[plugin-html] Add ability to specify base URI for `FROM_HTML` transformer (#5444)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-html.adoc

* `//a/text()` - extract the link text, e.g. `Say Hello`
* `//a/@href` - extract the link `href` attribute, e.g. `/hello`

|`baseUri`

> |The base URI for all extracted links from `href` attribute. This optional parameter is needed if necessary to get a table with absolute links and can be used only with `abs` https://jsoup.org/cookbook/extracting-data/working-with-urls[JSOUP] prefix in XPath, e.g. `//a/@abs:href`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The base URI  can be used to get an absolute URL from an attribute that may be a relative URL: make sure to add the prefix `abs:` before the attribute name to https://jsoup.org/cookbook/extracting-data/working-with-urls[xPath selector], e.g. `//a/@abs:href`.
```
